In summary, Sony’s success in the handphone industry is deeply connected to innovation, user-centered design, and a vertically integrated supply chain. It distinguishes itself by seamlessly integrating hardware and software to create a unique user experience. Our analysis shows, that, Sony is prepared to address moderately increasing consumer expectations and industry challenges with innovations while adhering to its mission of delivering exceptional value to its customers. One selected product, Sony headphones WH1000-MX5 was in the focus of this report. The production management of the WH1000-MX5 requires advance demand, supply, and inventory planning.
 
Demand planning consists of a forecast using the Holt and Winter model. The forecast predicts the New Year and Christmas peak, the first coming in December. The established forecast has a mean absolute percentage error of 3.98% on the validation set. The goal of the demand forecast is to manage production, supply, and inventory according to the predicted demand.
 
To obtain an overall idea of the production planning, aggregate plans are computed. The hybrid plan is selected as the best fit, because at $28.474 Million, it is only 15% more expensive than the cheapest plan, the level plan, which however doesn’t allow to tackle additional customer orders (high future missed sales) and has rather high outsourcing costs. What is more, it’s ethical compared to the chase plan. Afterward, a more detailed production plan with the Master production schedule is computed, and the dependent backward planning of children components from the BOM is calculated in the Material Requirement Planning.
 
Finally, different inventory planning models are established, from the Economic Order Quantity and Economic Production Quantity to the discount model, safety stock, periodic review model, and single inventory model. Taking the discounts on charging circuity into account, The MRP can be adapted to order 300 thousand units every 2 weeks, saving 10% in unit costs which more than makes up for the added inventory holding costs. Finally, the periodic review model is selected to be the best fit for the WH1000-MX5 headphones, with a weekly inventory review period of 9 days.
